HOW TO MAKE HOMEMADE BROWNIES
Everything gets mixed up into one bowl and no hand mixer or KitchenAid is needed. It’s very important to follow the recipe steps. I know it’s way easier to just mix all the wet stuff together and then add the dry ingredients, but it’s written the way it is for a reason. 

Stir together the melted butter and granulated sugar. This step is important because the key to a perfect brownie is to combine the sugar and the eggs separately. So make sure you really combine the sugar and butter well. 
Add in 4 eggs, one at a time, stirring the egg in completely before adding the next egg. This is so important. Each egg needs to be fully incorporated into the batter before adding the next. It provides volume to the brownie batter and makes perfect brownies each time. If you love chewy, soft cake-like, and fudgy brownies then the secret is in the eggs.
Add the vanilla extract and unsweetened cocoa powder and mix well. Add the flour in and use a spatula to gently stir it into the batter just until everything is combined and no flour pocket/streaks remain in the batter. 
Pour the batter into the pan and spread out evenly. It is a thick batter so I recommend dropping large spoonful’s (I use a large cookie scoop to do this) all over the baking dish and then spreading it out. This makes it easier to spread a thick batter rather than one large pile of batter in the middle of the pan.
You can top the brownie batter (BEFORE baking) with sprinkles, chocolate chips, peanut butter, chips, dark chocolate chips, mini m&m’s. We always end up topping ours with chocolate sprinkles or mini m&m’s. 
Homemade Brownies | Homemade Brownie Recipe | Easy Dessert Recipes | Homemade Brownies made with cocoa powder instead of expensive chocolate which makes these brownies budget friendly! Thick, chewy, chocolatey and the perfect easy dessert served with a scoop of ice cream, hot fudge sauce, and sprinkles. You only need one bowl to whip up delicious homemade brownies. #brownies #brownierecipe #recipeoftheday #easyrecipe #easydessertrecipes